README.md, before:

<div align="center" id="top"> 
  <img src="./.github/app.gif" alt="EyesMovement" />

  &#xa0;

  <!-- <a href="https://eyesmovement.netlify.app">Demo</a> -->
</div>

<h1 align="center">EyesMovement</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Github top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Github language count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8">

  <!-- <img alt="Github issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8" /> -->

  <!-- <img alt="Github forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8" /> -->

  <!-- <img alt="Github stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8" /> -->
</p>

<!-- Status -->

<!-- <h4 align="center"> 
	🚧  EyesMovement 🚀 Under construction...  🚧
</h4> 

<hr> -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="#dart-about">About</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0; 
  <a href="#sparkles-features">Features</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#rocket-technologies">Technologies</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#white_check_mark-requirements">Requirements</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#checkered_flag-starting">Starting</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#memo-license">License</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="https://github.com/Alvgonzalez" target="_blank">Author</a>
</p>

<br>

## :dart: About ##

you can move the cursor over the screen and the eyes will stare at it. 

This project use a function document.onmousemove to update position of the pair fo back divs inside the white parents divs producing the ilution that they are ayes that are staring directly to the cursor. 

## :sparkles: Features ##

:heavy_check_mark: Feature 1;\
:heavy_check_mark: Feature 2;\
:heavy_check_mark: Feature 3;

## :rocket: Technologies ##

The following tools were used in this project:

- [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/HTML)
- [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/CSS)
- [JavaSript](https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/JavaScript)

## :white_check_mark: Requirements ##

Before starting :checkered_flag:, you need to have [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed.

## :checkered_flag: Starting ##

```bash
# Clone this project
$ git clone https://github.com/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement

# Access
$ cd eyesmovement

# Install dependencies
$ yarn

# Run the project
$ yarn start

# The server will initialize in the <http://localhost:3000>
```

## :memo: License ##

This project is under license from MIT. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file.


Made with :heart: by <a href="https://github.com/Alvgonzalez" target="_blank">Alvaro Gonzalez</a>

&#xa0;

<a href="#top">Back to top</a>

Commit message:

roadmap of future improvement added to readme

README.md, after:

<div align="center" id="top"> 
  <img src="./.github/app.gif" alt="EyesMovement" />

  &#xa0;

  <!-- <a href="https://eyesmovement.netlify.app">Demo</a> -->
</div>

<h1 align="center">EyesMovement</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Github top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Github language count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8">

  <!-- <img alt="Github issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8" /> -->

  <!-- <img alt="Github forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8" /> -->

  <!-- <img alt="Github stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement?color=56BEB8" /> -->
</p>

<!-- Status -->

<!-- <h4 align="center"> 
	🚧  EyesMovement 🚀 Under construction...  🚧
</h4> 

<hr> -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="#dart-about">About</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0; 
  <a href="#sparkles-features">Features</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#rocket-technologies">Technologies</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#white_check_mark-requirements">Requirements</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#checkered_flag-starting">Starting</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#memo-license">License</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="https://github.com/Alvgonzalez" target="_blank">Author</a>
</p>

<br>

## :dart: About ##

you can move the cursor over the screen and the eyes will stare at it. 

This project use a function document.onmousemove to update position of the pair fo back divs inside the white parents divs producing the ilution that they are ayes that are staring directly to the cursor. 

## :rocket: Technologies ##

The following tools were used in this project:

- [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/HTML)
- [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/CSS)
- [JavaSript](https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/JavaScript)

## :white_check_mark: Requirements ##

Before starting :checkered_flag:, you need to have [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed.

## :checkered_flag: Starting ##

```bash
# Clone this project
$ git clone https://github.com/Alvgonzalez/eyesmovement

# Access
$ cd eyesmovement

# Install dependencies
$ yarn

# Run the project
$ yarn start

# The server will initialize in the <http://localhost:3000>
```
## :sparkles: Roadmap of future improvement ##

:heavy_check_mark: I will add a background imgame, let just one eye and modify the white part of the eye, so it will be Mike Wazowski from Monsters Inc.;\
:heavy_check_mark: I want to add a feature that you can change between different characters;


## :memo: License ##

This project is under license from MIT. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file.


Made with :heart: by <a href="https://github.com/Alvgonzalez" target="_blank">Alvaro Gonzalez</a>

&#xa0;

<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
